docs(desktop-modeler/flags): clarify `--zeebe-ssl-certificate` (#1652)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.1/components/modeler/desktop-modeler/flags/flags.md

### Zeebe SSL certificate

> ℹ️ The Modeler will read trusted certificates from your operating systems trust store.

> Provide an additional root certificate that the modeler should use to to validate secured connections to a Camunda Platform 8 Self-Managed installation. In case your server certificate is signed by a signing authority configure the CA certificate here, not the server certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide an additional root certificate that the modeler should use to validate secured connections to a Camunda Platform 8 Self-Managed installation. In case your server certificate is signed by a signing authority, configure the CA certificate here, not the server certificate.
```

### Zeebe SSL certificate

> > :information_source: The Modeler will read trusted certificats from your operating systems trust store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :information_source: The Modeler will read trusted certificates from your operating system's trust store.
```

Author: Updated in all files. Thanks.
